h1. Elasticsearch Changes Plugin 

The Elasticsearch Changes plugin is a plugin for "Elasticsearch":http://www.elasticsearch.org/ that tracks changes to indices and makes this information available
through a REST service. It provides information on node basis. So if you want the complete change information you have to query all nodes in your cluster.

h2. Installation

Run @bin/plugin -install derryx/elasticsearch-changes-plugin@

h2. Configuration

You can set the length of the history buffer with the setting @changes.history.size@. The default is 100.

h2. Usage

Point your browser to @http://localhost:9200/_changes/@ to see changes for all indices.
If you want to see changes only for one or a list of indices you can use @http://localhost:9200/foo,bar,baz/_changes/@.

You will get a response like this:

<pre>
{
  "twitter" : {
    "lastChange" : 1330372696400,
    "changes" : [ {
      "type" : "CREATE",
      "id" : "qf310jYSSK2OsM0fWEXyIA",
      "timestamp" : 1330372680742,
      "version" : 1
    }, {
      "type" : "INDEX",
      "id" : "1",
      "timestamp" : 1330372689220,
      "version" : 2
    }, {
      "type" : "DELETE",
      "id" : "1",
      "timestamp" : 1330372696400,
      "version" : 3
    } ]
  },
  "bubu" : {
    "lastChange" : 1330369466133,
    "changes" : [ ]
  }
}
</pre>

The timestamp is a UNIX timestamp in milliseconds (epoch midnight, January 1, 1970 UTC).

h3. See changes after a given timestamp

If you want to see only changes after a given timestamp you can add the parameter @since@ to the request (for example @http://localhost:9200/_changes/?since=1330282941692@ ). The timestamp again is a UNIX timestamp (in milliseconds).

h3. Wait for a index change to happen

You can make your request wait for a change to happen with the parameter @wait@. Additionally you can give a @timeout@ parameter (in milliseconds).
 (example: @http://localhost:9200/_changes/?wait=true&timeout=60000@ ).  

h4. Version mapping

* Change Plugin 0.1 -> Elasticsearch 0.18.7

h2. Other information

See "project's GitHub pages":http://derryx.github.com/elasticsearch-changes-plugin/ for details.